[NOIR]
You're late, Miss Yuna!
[YUNA] You could have
waited inside the house.
That's true.
Noa was so excited
about going on this trip
that she wanted to
wait outside for you.
You are embarrassing me!
[CLIFF chuckles]
Anyway, I still have
quite a bit of work
that I need to finish up here.
But I'll be sure
to make it in time
for His Majesty's
birthday celebration.
[YUNA]
Mm.
Don't you worry; I'll get
Noa there safely for sure.
I appreciate that.
So who's this?
A friend of mine that
I'd like to bring with me.
Uh, hello, my lord!
And you as well, Lady Noir!
It's such an honor
to meet both of thew!
‐‐[YUNA] "Thew"?
‐‐[CLIFF] "Thew"?!
‐‐[NOIR] She bit her tongue!
I don't mind if she goes.
I'm sure Noa would be happy to
have another girl
her age on the trip.
Stop everything!
Listen up!
Uh, yes, ma'am?
I refuse to give up
my spot on the bear!
[FINA gasps]
Do you understand me?
Uh! [gasps]
[NOIR] How silly.
I forgot there're two bears.
I'm sorry.
There's no need
for you to apologize.
I should thank you for
letting me have the front seat.
Oh, and please be careful.
I don't want you to fall off.
Uh, right.
So, uh, you are?
You can just call
me Fina, Lady Noir.
'Kay. I'm looking forward
to traveling with you.
And the same goes for me;
it'll be a lot of fun!
Yep! 'Cause Kumayuru's
with us, right?
Kuma!
‐‐[NOIR laughs]
‐‐[FINA] So, uh...
I take it you've met Kumayuru
and Kumakyu before, Lady Noir?
Indeed! I've ridden on them both
and then, we took an
afternoon nap together!
And now I get to travel all the
way to the capital with them!
Dreams do come true!
[YUNA] They seem to
be getting along well.
That's good.
Uh?
[WOLF yelps]
Way to go, Miss Yuna! You're
as strong as everyone says!
I'll harvest them
when we get home.
That'd be great.
[NOIR]
Harvest?
Um, how exactly do you
two know each other again?
Well, Fina actually
came to my rescue
when I was lost in the forest.
No way, if anyone
did any rescuing,
it was Yuna. I'd be wolf chow
if it weren't for her!
I can't harvest the
monsters I defeat,
so she helps out
by doing it for me.
Yuna goes hunting a lot,
so there's always plenty
of work for me to do.
I'm so thankful to her.
Hold on.
Wait for just a second.
I need a moment to process. Ahh!
So you two are close friends?
Yep.
Sure are.
Then, are you saying that
you've actually traveled
with Kumayuru
and Kumakyu before?
Yes, a few times.
[NOIR gasps, screams]
[FINA] Lady Noir!
Is something the matter?
Hey, Fina!
[FINA]
Yes?
I hereby declare you as
my rival for the bears!
Or, to make it more simple,
you are my bear rival!
What?
[YUNA]
It was already pretty simple.
Did you know that both
my mother and older sister
live in the royal capital?
My mother works in the castle
alongside the king himself
and my sister excels in her
studies at the Royal Academy.
How impressive!
Yes, I'm very proud of them.
Is this your first visit
to the royal capital, Fina?
Yes.
His Majesty's birthday
celebration is quite the affair!
Different people from around
the kingdom come to visit,
so it will be rather lively.
[FINA]
It sounds fun!
It is!
Once we get to the capital,
I'll show you around a little!
Kumayuru, Kumakyu.
Stop right here.
Let's call it a day and rest.
[FINA]
Okay!
[NOIR]
So will we be camping?
I have slept in the
carriage on my previous trips.
But never in a tent!
[NOIR yelps]
Here we have the
Travel‐Size Bear House.
[NOIR] How'd you do
that? It's incredible!
Promise you'll keep knowledge
of the Bear House to yourself.
It would be a huge hassle if
too many other people found out.
Right. It's our secret.
[gasps, giggles]
[YUNA]
Take your shoes off, please.
[NOIR]
Will do!
[NOIR giggles]
[NOIR]
The inside is beautiful, too!
Okay, I'm gonna
go cook dinner now.
I'll help, as well!
Oh! Allow me!
It's okay.
I really enjoy cooking.
Right. Doin' the thing!
[NOIR gasps]
[YUNA]
Dig in before it gets cold.
'Kay. Thanks, Yuna!
Yes. Thank you for the meal.
[NOIR gasps]
[NOIR grunting]
Ahh! Wow, this is so yummy!
What is this
delicious food called?
[YUNA]
Hamburg steak.
Um, hamburg what?
[YUNA]
It's ground up meat.
You shape it into patties,
cook it, and voila.
[FINA]
It's as delicious as last time!
Do you think I could
learn how to make it?
Sure, I can probably teach you.
You're too kind to me, Yuna!
Teach me, too!
Why would you need to
learn how to make it, Noa?
I mean, you're a noble, so don't
other people make your food?
Yes, usually.
But I could still learn. I don't
wanna be the only one left out!
Well, if you insist.
I can teach you guys to make it
when we get back to town, okay?
[FINA, NOIR]
'Kay!
[YUNA]
Bear Cutter!
[HOG GIANTS groan]
[BOTH]
Uhh...
Uh...
Thanks so much for your
assistance, young lady.
[YUNA] He was totally
gonna say something
about my outfit
but bailed on it.
[MISANA] Yes, we're so grateful
you came along when you did.
Are you a bear?
Obviously not.
Hello, Lord Gran! Hi, Misa!
If it isn't Miss Noir!
You've grown so much bigger!
Well, it's been a while!
Hello, my dear Noa!
I haven't seen you in forever!
[YUNA] "My dear."
What a cute sentiment.
[NOIR]
Oh, yeah.
These two are Count Gran
and his granddaughter, Misana.
I'm Yuna, an adventurer.
Miss Yuna's currently escorting
me to the royal capital.
Wait, hold on.
Your father isn't with you?
No, Father had some
work he needed to finish,
so he sent me ahead to the
capital with Miss Yuna instead.
Are you going to the king's
birthday celebration?
Yes. Are you two?
We are!
[GRAN] You seem to possess
a great deal of strength.
Enough to protect these
two children at least.
Would you perhaps like to
travel to the capital together?
Sorry, it's nice of you to ask,
but I think I'll
have to decline.
[YUNA]
Too much work.
I'd be more than
happy to pay you.
Uh, didn't you bring your
own escorts along for the trip?
Yes, but it's extremely
uncommon for monsters
to be this close to
the royal capital,
so it's best to
be overly prepared.
[YUNA sighs]
This is un‐bear‐lievable.
[NOIR]
Miss Yuna!
May we travel
together with Misa?
Well, if we do that,
then it means we can't
use the Bear House.
Ah! Right, that's true!
And there goes
the nice, fluffy bed.
Ah! The Bear House, fluffy bed,
the Bear House, fluffy bed.
Bear House, fluffy bed...
[FINA]
What's the matter?
It's a lot easier to
travel with only three people.
But since Cliff's the one
that hired me initially,
I'm going to ultimately
leave the decision up to Noa.
Bear House, fluffy bed!
What should I do?
Gah! Okay, that's it!
We shall travel
together with Misa!
I'm looking forward
to it, Lady Bear!
Same. But, please,
just call me Yuna.
[YUNA gasps]
[YUNA] Looks like we're finally
here. Took long enough.
The royal capital!
[WOMAN 7A]
It's a bear.
[MAN 7A]
A bear is riding a bear.
[MAN 7B] Why is there
a bear in the royal capital?
[WOMAN 7B]
They're so cute!
[YUNA] I haven't experienced
this reaction in a while.
[GRAN] Thank you for
taking care of us, Yuna.
[YUNA]
It was no problem.
Bye, my dearest Noa, Miss Fina.
We should all play later!
Yeah!
Please come visit any time.
[NOIR giggles]
Right, allow me
to show you around.
[ALL gasp]
[ELLELAURA]
You're finally here!
Noa!
Hi! Mother!
I missed you!
[ELLELAURA]
I missed you more!
[YUNA]
That's her mom?
[NOIR] Come now, Mother,
you're making such a fuss!
Besides, you haven't met
Miss Yuna or Fina yet.
Miss Yuna?
[ELLELAURA grunts]
A bear?!
[NOIR sighs]
That's Noa's mom? Wow.
[YUNA]
So young!
[ELLELAURA] Thank you
for escorting my daughter
here safely.
My name is Ellelaura.
I'm the wife of
Cliff Foschurose.
I'm Yuna. I'm an adventurer.
Nice to meet you.
My name's Fina.
Fina is my rival for
the bear's attention!
I see. That's nice, dear.
Wait, I thought you
shortened it to bear rival.
Oh! That's correct.
Fina is my bear rival!
I see. That's nice, dear.
[YUNA]
Man, she's one chill mom.
Mother? Don't you
have work today?
Once the guards told me you had
arrived safely in the capital,
I just couldn't wait to see you.
[YUNA]
So she just ditched work?
My Lady, before I forget,
I have something here
for you from Lord Cliff.
[ELLELAURA]
You do? What could it be?
[YUNA] It's the gift he
wants you to give His Majesty‐‐
the sword of a goblin king.
Also, there's a letter, too.
So this present... You were
the one who gave it to Cliff.
Thank you.
[YUNA]
Oh. It's fine, My Lady.
Is there a problem?
Please don't be so formal.
Lighten up a bit. You can speak
normally around our family.
You sure?
Indeed!
It says so right
here in this letter.
"Do not make her your enemy."
Huh?
It says, "Don't
anger her." And then,
"Yuna will cause trouble, so
please handle the aftermath."
Oh. Wow.
Jeez, his letter
makes it sound like
I'm some kind
of walking disaster.
Perhaps, but it also says that
you are a very caring adventurer
and that Noa
happens to adore you.
I find myself
interested in you as well.
Will you please tell me
more about yourself?
Well, uh...
Believe me, Mother!
Miss Yuna is really amazing!
She defeated entire
packs of wolves and orcs
on the way to the royal capital,
and she didn't even
break a sweat doing it!
My!
Both of her bear summons
are simply adorable!
And they're very well behaved!
When you ride them,
you won't ever fall off and
their backs are
really warm and fluffy!
[YUNA]
With the way she's gushing,
I can tell Noa was
excited to see her mom.
But I kinda wish it
wasn't all about me.
[YUNA]
Hmm...
[SHIA]
Mother, I'm home!
I heard Noa arrived earlier?
[gasps]
Hello, Shia!
[SHIA]
Noa! Is that a bear?
[ELLELAURA]
Welcome home, sweetie.
Ah, do something!
Noa's in danger!
Wait, there's two
bears? [whimpers]
Now, Mother! Noa,
that's dangerous!
Please get off those things!
[ELLELAURA] How rude.
They're not dangerous at all.
And they're not
"things," either.
[NOIR] Mother's right!
They're actually quite friendly!
Uh, what? Those are
treacherous beasts!
[SHIA screams]
Wait! There's a third bear?!
[SHIA]
You're telling me
the girl in the silly
outfit was Noa's escort?
[ELLELAURA]
You're being rude again.
That's Yuna and
she's an adventurer.
This is Shia and
she's Noa's older sister.
[YUNA]
Ah.
You cannot be serious.
I refuse to believe that a kid
like her is a real adventurer!
[YUNA]
By "kid," does she mean me?
Enough, Shia.
She may be young,
but she's very strong!
[YUNA]
I'm feeling kind of attacked.
Not to mention, she's adorable!
[YUNA]
Why does that matter?
[SHIA]
Sorry, but I'm not buying it.
I just can't take a girl
in a bear suit seriously.
[YUNA] Well, your
disbelief doesn't make me
any less capable.
[ELLELAURA] I've got it.
How about a little test?
[SHIA, YUNA gasp]
Miss Yuna! Best
of luck out there!
You've got this
in the bag, Shia!
Ugh, how'd we end up out here?
Whatever, let's do this.
Just don't hold back, okay?
And we leave our
feelings in the ring.
Of course!
Are you two ready?
Then, go!
[SHIA yells]
[YUNA] In WFO, there were a lot
of players who fought like her.
People who relied
on brute strength.
Too slow! [gasps]
[YUNA]
And they always leap at
the very first
opening they can find.
[grunts]
It looks like I'm the winner.
[SHIA]
Hey! Wait just a moment!
What now?
Please, I'm not finished!
Let's spar again!
It'd be my pleasure.
[yelling]
[SHIA grunting]
[ELLELAURA]
Do you understand now?
This bear girl is quite strong.
[SHIA]
Mother.
Yes. Though I never
thought I'd lose to
someone younger than me.
Oh, come to think of it,
just how old are you, Yuna?
[YUNA]
I'm 15.
[SHIA yells]
We're the same age?!
I guess.
I apologize.
[ELLELAURA] Shia is one
of the strongest children
at the school she attends.
To be honest, I've
been worried about her
because she was getting
a bit overconfident.
That's why you had us spar?
[ELLELAURA]
There's always someone
more skilled than you out there.
I thought it was an
important lesson to learn.
Gotta say, don't appreciate
being used like that.
[ELLELAURA giggles]
Okay!
Anyone want a little snack?
[ELLELAURA squeals]
So good!
Oh, this treat is
called "poopin," right?
[YUNA]
It's "pudding."
Right, of course!
I was just testing you!
Well, regardless,
it tastes divine!
There's no need to
make such a huge scene.
I doubt that this treat
is any better than the foods
we're accustomed to eating.
[SHIA grunting]
Delicious!
[YUNA] The same reaction.
Now I see the relation.
[YUNA] I was thinking
this might be a good chance
to explore the capital a bit.
Too bad Noa can't come.
She said that she and her family
had a duty to greet
the other incoming nobles.
They're all very busy.
Oh, well, we'll just
explore by ourselves.
Right! [chuckles]
[YUNA]
I can't get over how big it is.
I've never seen so many people.
It makes me feel kinda dizzy.
[YUNA]
That's a royal capital for you.
Yeah. I guess so.
Let's take a quick break.
Maybe some food will help.
[sniffing]
Thank you so much.
Please visit us again!
Have a wonderful day!
Amazing!
Oh, wow. I've never
eaten bread this soft!
I just followed my nose
and we hit the jackpot.
We should definitely go there
again while we're in town.
Now that I think about it,
when I took Cliff the pudding,
he mentioned that
the royal capital
had all kinds of
really delicious food.
You wanna go
check out the market?
[FINA]
Mm‐hm, mm‐hm!
[YUNA]
Hey.
Uh, what's wrong, Yuna?
[VENDOR 7A] Welcome to
my stall, Little Bear.
Um, are these things potatoes?
You really know your stuff.
Potatoes can be very delicious,
but they're also poisonous
if you don't cook them properly.
[YUNA]
I'll take 'em!
Huh?
[YUNA] She told me which
village she bought them from,
so now I can go get
some anytime I want!
Yeah, but didn't she
also say they're poisonous?
Sounds scary.
Nah, all you gotta do is
remove the sprouts. [gasps]
Hold on, is that cheese?
Yes. You have a sharp eye.
Most folks around here
don't know what cheese is,
and then they try to
accuse me of selling mold!
They refuse to give
my cheese a fair chance.
[YUNA]
Load me up!
Huh?
[FINA] Can you actually eat
moldy things like that?
Trust me, it's
totally safe to eat.
I'm a little surprised
that potatoes and cheese
aren't more well known
in the royal capital though.
Well, Lady Noir did say
that people from all over
the kingdom travel here for His
Majesty's birthday celebration.
[YUNA] Oh, so these things
came from other places then.
Which means...
[YUNA gasps] Um, I'm gonna
go do some more shopping!
[FINA grunts, gasps]
[YUNA] May I present:
hamburgers and french fries.
Hambur...?
These yellow things
are french fries?
It's the hamburg steak in
between two pieces of bread!
Yep! When you put
it in between bread,
then it becomes a hamburger.
Well? Dig in, you guys!
[SHIA, ELLELAURA stammering]
What's the best way to cut it?
How are you supposed to
eat this thing with a fork?
Oh, you just pick
it up, like this.
[SHIA, ELLELAURA scream]
[BOTH]
No way! It's too improper!
It's poor manners
not to use utensils!
[FINA gulps]
[SHIA, ELLELAURA]
Huh?
Well? It's tasty, right?
Yes! It's delicious!
Hey! Just what are
you doing, Noa?
Your hands! How rude!
Ahh! Not you, too, Mother!
[ELLELAURA, NOA gasp, squeal]
Wow, it's so yummy!
[ELLELAURA]
The meat is delectable!
But what's this yellow stuff?
That's cheese.
It's made using milk
and then melted on top.
I see! I'm surprised
at how well the cheese
compliments the meat patty!
This behavior is
beyond disgraceful!
This strange food...
is absolutely not something
that you two should be making
such an enormous fuss over!
[SHIA grunting]
It's amazing!
[YUNA]
She's sold.
Now that I have some cheese,
I could totally make a pizza!
[GROUP]
Pizza?
Basically you roll out dough
that's made from flour.
Then you top it with
all kinds of things,
like tomato sauce,
cheese, or whatever else.
Then you bake it, and the dough
turns into a golden brown crust.
But it's the melted cheese
that really sells it.
Too bad it's such
a pain to make.
I wanna eat it.
Yes, me, too.
Uh, please count me in.
[GROUP]
Pizza.
Will you make it for us, Yuna?
Uh... All right, fine.
I can make it tomorrow.
[ALL giggle]
Thanks so much, Miss Yuna!
I can't wait to try it!
Me either!
Since you're capable of making
such wonderful tasting food,
have you ever thought
about opening a restaurant?
Huh?
[NOIR] You should! I bet
it would be very popular!
[YUNA]
A restaurant, huh?
[MILAINE] Amazing!
This would definitely sell!
Miss Yuna, why don't
you open a restaurant?
[YUNA] Miss Milaine said
something similar back then.
But to be honest, that's
not really part of my plan.
Cooking just wouldn't be as
enjoyable if it were my job.
Ya know, I definitely
prefer eating.
Bear‐lieve me.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!